Add Chainguard Repo cooldown and pull-through cache (#3282)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/libraries/javascript/overview.md

#### Malware scanning
All packages served from the upstream fallback are scanned for malware before being made available. Any package version with a detected malware identifier (MAL ID) from the public OSV feed is blocked and will not be served.

Malware detection is continuous. If a version that was previously cached is later identified as malicious, it is added to the block list and will be blocked on subsequent requests.

#### Cooldown period

> When fallback is enabled, upstream npm packages are subject to cooldown period from their publication date before the Chainguard Repository will serve them. The cooldown applies to Chainguard-built packages and upstream npm packages served through the fallback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When fallback is enabled, upstream npm packages are subject to a cooldown period from their publication date before the Chainguard Repository will serve them. The cooldown applies globally across Chainguard-built packages and upstream npm packages served through the fallback.
```

> This global cooldown is an additional layer of security on top of malware scanning. It provides a window for the security community to identify and report malicious packages before your builds can pull them, and it prevents installs from failing when a Chainguard-built package depends on an upstream transitive that is still in its cooldown window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cooldown is an additional layer of security that provides a window for the security community to identify and report malicious packages before your builds can pull them. 

The cooldown applies globally across Chainguard-built packages and upstream npm packages served through the fallback. This prevents installs from failing when a Chainguard-built package depends on an upstream dependency that is still under the cooldown window.
```

If a package version is requested and falls within the cooldown period, the package manager will output a 404 error. The package becomes available once it has passed the cooldown period and cleared malware scanning.

### How package resolution works

When you request a JavaScript package from the Chainguard Repository, the following logic applies:

> * **Chainguard-built package available and outside cooldown**: The package is served directly from Chainguard's rebuilt artifact store, complete with SBOM, provenance, and signatures, subject to the configured cooldown.

Reviewer: I would remove "and outside cooldown" to be consistent with the next bullet
